Standardize DSL code naming convention (#1521)
finos/legend-studio: .changeset/chilly-zebras-end.md

'@finos/legend-extension-dsl-data-space': major
---

> **BREAKING CHANGE:** Rename DSL DataSpace plugins and presets to use prefix `DSL_DataSpace` instead of `DSLDatSpace`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**BREAKING CHANGE:** Renamed plugins and presets to use the prefix `DSL_DataSpace` instead of `DSLDatSpace`
```
